hey welcome back everybody I've got
another pair of budget headphones for
you today I have the Sennheiser HD 439
and these headphones retail for $99
gotta pick them up a Best Buy and first
off they're made of plastic or a real
light plastic but it's more it's like a
toy plastic it's they're not going to
break on you but they're definitely not
going to be this door boys plastic
that's such as the 50 cent to sync
audios and that type of plastic this is
made of a lighter cheaper plastic and
the cushion is made of material so I
don't think you to be ideal for the gym
work or any kind of exercise where you
do a lot of sweating so I guess that
wouldn't be noise isolation and these
are pretty loud headphones and they're
supposed to be the bass extended
response headphones but the bass is real
distorted in these headphones and I love
Sennheiser and like the HD 800 so I paid
a lot of money for the headphones and
richer didn't broke on me but those are
great headphone but they're studio
headphones and they're too expensive and
these are $99 and they claim to have a
base in the base but the basis it's this
is really not what you would think it
would be it's real distorted than me you
get a lot of crackling when we turn the
volume up but that was kind of
disappointing
for me but it have also medians and
awesome highs and I already like these
headphones kickback at home you know put
on my iPhone and just it's just a smooth
jazz our visa my Hodes things like that
the headphones are perfect for that but
yeah they come with two cables one this
is like a ten-foot cable and your
average 4 to 5 foot cable they're pretty
durable it's not really much to say but
these headphones itself they're not that
Sennheiser's that most of us are used to
anytime you get around to my $300 price
rang with Wilson eyes you get real good
quality and these are in my opinion
these are not quite there I can't get
over the the extended bass response
claim it maybe so but it's so distorted
that you can't it's not even listening
to me and for this high volume would
hip-hop so even that's a disappointment
big-time I can get over the build
quality and the material because the
cloth but I just can't get over the bass
what a claim of the bass response but
yeah they're nice if you're if you're at
home just chilling know about fireplace
are all your computer I'm doing
schoolwork or whatever it is that you do
they're fine for that but my opinion not
for hip-hop not for any visit with a
serious baseline I wouldn't recommend it
for that but I do recommend off
soft music the comfort it's pretty good
but don't sweating these headphones is
well absorbed because in the head the
cushions are made of a material cloth
alright that's my take you guys on the
Sennheiser HD for $30 actions will don't
forget to rate comment and subscribe
peace